After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Project Title / One sentence description:

Address Book.

2. The Heroku URL for your web application:

https://blooming-bastion-52002.herokuapp.com/addressBook.php

3. The GitHub URL for your source code repository:

https://github.com/nathan-tagg/cs313-php.git

4. A link to the SQL file that contains the commands used to create your tables (e.g. a link to the myDb.sql file at GitHub, or something similar).

These are for creating and seeding initial data into the database: https://github.com/nathan-tagg/cs313-php/tree/master/web/db

5. Please provide a brief description of what your project does and how to use the application. Make sure to include any required information like a username and password.

My project allows users to edit a database containing all the information required for a standard address book. No need to login at this point, all users use the same address book. (silly i know)

6. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.

I still (as of this submission) haven't gotten the individual contact page to load properly, it has been frustrating debugging PHP code by hand. (this may likely be fixed by the time the assignment is actually graded)
I still (as of this submission) haven't implemented users and login.


--------------------------------
Project Self-assessment
--------------------------------

For each of the following requirements, please replace the "(YES/NO)" with either "YES" or "NO" as to whether or not your work met this requirement.

Requirements
------------
(YES) 1. Your web application is running in Heroku.
(YES) 2. Your latest source code is in GitHub.
(YES) 3. Your web application uses data stored in the session.
(YES) 4. Your web application uses a PostgreSQL database at Heroku.
(YES) 5. Your database schema includes foreign key references.
(YES) 6. Your web application includes an SQL SELECT query that joins multiple tables.
(YES) 7. Your web application includes an SQL UPDATE or INSERT statement.

For each of the following criteria, please replace the "(A-E)" with either the "A", "B", "C", "D", or "E" category you feel best describes your work.

Categories
----------
A - Some attempt was made.
B - Developing, but significantly deficient.
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate.
D - Meets requirements.
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements.

Criteria
----------
(E) 1. Professional look and feel.
(E) 2. Accomplishes a meaningful/interesting task.
(E) 3. Demonstrates skill with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
(E) 4. Demonstrates skill with PHP.
(E) 5. Demonstrates good database design principles.
(E) 6. Demonstrates skill in database retrieval.
(E) 7. Demonstrates skill in database modification.
(E) 8. Demonstrates mastery of client-side/server-side coordination and communication.
(D) 9. Overall project evaluation.

10. Finally, please provide an overall description/justification of the categories you selected.

please read:

This project has a lot going on 'under the surface' that is to be well admired. The database design is particularly robust and the relations between the tables are complex and meaningful.
Many tables share more advanced 'many to one' relationships that were quite hard to represent in html. Things like having the user be capable of adding several addresses or phone numbers to their contacts was something that I worked very hard on.
The CSS I chose for this project i felt was meaningful and simplistic, The coolest thing is, IT ALL WORKS! everything that the user puts into the web page is reflected onto the database perfectly.

Despite all this, as of this submission, I cannot justify giving myself an above and beyond rating on the overall project evaluation, because I failed (as of this submission) to include some features that I wanted by the finish.
The one page I haven't fixed yet is the individual 'contact.php' page. This page was supposed to show all the details of the individual contact and it's simply not working. If you can figure out what's wrong I would greatly appreciate it.
I've been trying to fix this for hours and have made no headway.

That said, the project does still meet all requirements.
